##############################################################################
COPYRIGHT: Brian Hawthorne  2005
EMAIL: brian.lee.hawthorne@gmail.com

imaging-tools:

A collection of tools and libraries for manipulating medical imaging data
developed at the University of California Berkeley's Helen Wills Neuroscience
Institute Brain Imaging Center.
For documentation, see https://cirl.berkeley.edu/view/BIC/ImagingTools

##############################################################################
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation:

  Free Software Foundation, Inc.
  59 Temple Place - Suite 330
  Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA

A copy of the GPL version 2 can be found in the file named LICENSE that is
included with this source code distribution.  You can also learn more from:
http://www.gnu.org

##############################################################################
The imaging-tools package provides a number of command-line tools for
manipulating image data, as well as a code library of reusable components.
The central types of objects in the imaging-tools system are data readers,
transformers, and writers.  Image manipulation tools can be created by
composing appropriate combinations of these core objects into a pipeline
beginning with a reader, followed by a sequence of transformers (called
Operations), and ending with a writer.  Image data in the pipeline is
represented by an Image object conforming to a conventional Image interface.
